Add details about the alert payload when using DAG Trigger (#3620)
astronomer/docs: astro/alerts.md

:::

The **DAG Trigger** communication channel works differently from other communication channel types. Instead of sending a pre-formatted alert message, Astro makes a generic request through Airflow's [DagRuns REST API](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html#operation/post_dag_run) to trigger a DAG on Astro. You can configure the triggered DAG to complete any action, such as sending a message to your own incident management system or writing data about an incident to a table. 

> The following parameters are passed in the API call that hold the metadata about the Alert:
> 
> - `conf`: This parameter holds the alert payload:
>   - `alertId`: A unique alert ID
>   - `alertType`: The type of alert triggered
>   - `dagName`: The name of the DAG that triggered the alert
>   - `message`: The detailed message with the cause of the alert
>   
>   
>   An example alert payload:
>   
>   ```json
>     {
>       "dagName": "fail_dag",
>       "alertType": "PIPELINE_FAILURE",
>       "alertId": "d75e7517-88cc-4bab-b40f-660dd79df216",
>       "message": "[Astro Alerts] Pipeline failure detected on DAG fail_dag. \\nStart time: 2023-11-17 17:32:54 UTC. \\nFailed at: 2023-11-17 17:40:10 UTC. \\nAlert notification time: 2023-11-17 17:40:10 UTC. \\nClick link to investigate in Astro UI: https://cloud.astronomer.io/clkya6zgv000401k8zafabcde/dags/clncyz42l6957401bvfuxn8zyxw/fail_dag/c6fbe201-a3f1-39ad-9c5c-817cbf99d123?utm_source=alert\"\\n"
>     }
> 
>   ```
> - `note`: This parameter is set to `Triggering DAG on Airflow <url>`
> 
> These parameters are accessible in the triggered DAG using the DAG params.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The following parameters are used to pass metadata about the alert in the API call:

- `conf`: This parameter holds the alert payload:
  - `alertId`: A unique alert ID.
  - `alertType`: The type of alert triggered.
  - `dagName`: The name of the DAG that triggered the alert.
  - `message`: The detailed message with the cause of the alert.
  - `note`: By default, this is `Triggering DAG on Airflow <url>`.
  
The following is an example alert payload that would be passed through the API:

```json
{
  "dagName": "fail_dag",
  "alertType": "PIPELINE_FAILURE",
  "alertId": "d75e7517-88cc-4bab-b40f-660dd79df216",
  "message": "[Astro Alerts] Pipeline failure detected on DAG fail_dag. \\nStart time: 2023-11-17 17:32:54 UTC. \\nFailed at: 2023-11-17 17:40:10 UTC. \\nAlert notification time: 2023-11-17 17:40:10 UTC. \\nClick link to investigate in Astro UI: https://cloud.astronomer.io/clkya6zgv000401k8zafabcde/dags/clncyz42l6957401bvfuxn8zyxw/fail_dag/c6fbe201-a3f1-39ad-9c5c-817cbf99d123?utm_source=alert\"\\n"
}
```

These parameters are accessible in the triggered DAG using [DAG params](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-params).
````

Reviewer: Just moving some of the lines around
